Document LLM features (#510)
validmind/documentation: site/about/overview-llm-features.qmd

---
title: "Large language model features"
date: last-modified
filters:
  - tachyons
lightbox: auto
listing:
  - id: llm-whats-next
    type: grid
    max-description-length: 500
    sort: false
    grid-columns: 2
    table-hover: true
    image-align: left
    contents:
    - path: https://validmind.com/about/legal
      title: Read our legal ease
      description: We believe in transparency across all our practices — not just because it’s essential to earn your trust, but because it’s the right thing to do.<br><br>Understanding our policies shouldn’t feel like deciphering code, so we’ve made our legal texts as clear and accessible as possible. These documents cover the details of our practices, including data handling, privacy, responsible AI use, and regulatory compliance.
      # author: validmind.com
    - path: https://validmind.com/contact/
      title: Request a demo 
      image: /assets/img/hero-platform.png

>       description: Discover how ValidMind’s LLM-powered platform, purpose-built for model risk management teams, enables fast, confident testing, documentation, validation, and governance of Generative AI, AI, and statistical models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Discover how {{< var vm.product >}}’s LLM-powered platform, purpose-built for model risk management teams, enables fast, confident testing, documentation, validation, and governance of Generative AI, AI, and statistical models.
```

      # author: validmind.com
---

{{< var vm.product >}} offers several specialized features that use large language models (LLMs) to streamline model risk management and ensure regulatory compliance. Here's how we approach these features and what you need to know. 

::: {.attn}
## {{< fa list-check >}} Our philosophy

<!-- Don't add a caption, it will push the footnote outside the section -->
::: {.column-margin}
![](overvierw-llm-features-check-document.png){fig-alt="A screenshot showing the LLM feature for checking documents that can be accessed with the Check Document button" class="screenshot"}
:::

> At ValidMind, our approach to AI features, particularly in testing and risk management, reflects a philosophy of _drinking our own champagne_ or using our own products. This means that, while we create risk management tools for our users, we also rigorously apply these tools and practices within our own product development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At {{< var vm.product >}}, our approach to AI features, particularly in testing and risk management, reflects a philosophy of _drinking our own champagne_ or using our own products. This means that, while we create risk management tools for our users, we also rigorously apply these tools and practices within our own product development.
```

Author: Couldn't commit this directly for some reason but fixed in the source.

<!-- FOOTNOTES -->

[^1]: [Run tests and test suites](//developer/model-testing/testing-overview.qmd)

> [^2]: [AI Usage Policy](https://validmind.com/about/legal/ai-usage-policy/)

Reviewer: If you have the direct link then this footnote isn't needed — can we pick one or the other?

```
[WARNING] Note with key '2' defined at line 122 column 1 but not used.
```

Author: I already removed this in a commit not too long ago.

Author: Yup, removed. The remaining footnote is now commented out but might remove it as well.
